Neural networks (#15)
SpecialeBajs/Rapport: article/neural-network.tex

\subsection{Nerual Networks}

> Nerual networks are a multi layered collection of nodes which have an input layer, hidden layer and an output layer \cite{AI-book}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neural networks are a multi-layered collection of nodes which have an input layer, hidden layer, and an output layer \cite{AI-book}.
```

> Neural networks are a multi-layered collection of nodes which have an input layer, hidden layer, and an output layer \cite{AI-book}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Neural networks are a multi-layered collection of nodes which have an input layer, hidden layers, and an output layer \cite{AI-book}.
```

The input of each node is the output of all nodes in the previous layer.

> Each of these connections in the network has an individual weight associated to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these connections in the network has an individual weight associated with it.
```

> Each of these connections in the network has an individual weight associated with it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each of these connections in the network have an individual weight associated with them.
```

Author: vi snakker jo om individuelle connections og ikke hele mængden

To get the value of a node not in the input layer, the output of all the nodes in the previous layer are added togehther with each individual weight along the connection that it travels.

> All these weighted values are then fed to an aggregation function which result is given to an activation function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All these weighted values are then fed to an aggregation function which results is given to an activation function.
```

> The activation function is usually the Sigmoid, Sign or Relu function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The activation function is usually the Sigmoid, Sign, or Relu function.
```

\\

> Neural networks can have any number of nodes in the input layer, hidden layers and outputlayer and they do not need to be the same amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neural networks can have any number of nodes in the input layer, hidden layers, and output layer and they do not need to be the same amount.
```

> Furthermore it can have any number of hidden layers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, it can have any number of hidden layers.
```

\\

> Neural networks have had considerable succes in low-level reasoning where lots of training data is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neural networks have had considerable success in low-level reasoning where lots of training data are available.
```

> Neural networks have had considerable success in low-level reasoning where lots of training data are available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Neural networks have had considerable success in low-level reasoning where lots of training data is available.
```

Author: Stave kontrol siger det skal være are

They learn by giving the input layer values and then have the network compute an output value.
The ouput value is then compared to the real value of the inputs and based on the margin of error we go backwards through the network adjusting each weight.
This is called back propagation.

> After doing this enough times or when the margin of error is lower than a predefined value the network is considered trained and can be tested on new data or be applied to a real world sceneario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After doing this enough times or when the margin of error is lower than a predefined value the network is considered trained and can be tested on new data or be applied to a real-world scenario.
```
